Okay, Fang Er,
If there is no luck left, I can't afford how many models.
It's not his fault.
Dear friends, do you have any other thoughts?
Young and old, if you know how to do it, don’t talk about it.
Without a war, this would be hundreds of thousands of pure things.
Whoever feels it can count his talents.
Young and old, please leave one general to take charge of all affairs. His Majesty
I would like the spirit soldiers to fight against the spirit generals
I will give you 300,000 troops
Lingzhen my mouth
Okay, Your Majesty, what are you talking about three times?
Fude Fude Team
It’s not just a fact, just know it
It's just a sin
Then I lay down
Is it still necessary to exist?
Or is it Chen You's method of smoking anyway?
Can make General Ling not fight
But let go of the human soldiers and I will fight
Get rid of the expensive smile
I'm just a big army fighting with my friends
You said you could keep them from fighting?
And can't retreat
He is not dreaming about old man Huang.
This matter is a major military plan
If you have no choice
I should say if there is a way
its military plan
This is subject to military law
Tell me about your method of fattening or not turning yellow?
And there is a man named Tu Lai in Chen
One of the deadliest warriors
No matter what I like
Still don’t need to be a great soldier alone
After all, messing around